okay baby Chris open one it's time to
hit your like button it's going to be a
big strong boy someday there you go okay
that's fine
do you like me now no I don't but we
gotta feed this thing we gotta feed this
real baby this blob of congealed milk I
guess okay this seems easy enough I
don't think this is sick this seems easy
it's fine it ages perfectly well all
right down it goes oh down it goes it's
like a white turd oh my God this guy's
got a giant mouth he's freaking me out a
little bit I'm hungry watch me just
fling them all oh he's just yelling at
somebody in traffic like hey you caught
me I'll roll a burger
so yeah Olive except for the meat down
the gullet it goes oh you want the plate
too oh it's gonna be in the plate oh my
god oh what what is the apparatus
holding the fish I don't know it's like
a fish funnel it looks like a lower
intestine get in there oh yeah come on
fishies two for one the fish they're
escaping
you're keeping at the rear well that's
how it works Chris you don't eat whole
fish and they come out whole fish no it
happens with corn though oh that's true
just the Christy seeds corn corn and he
just poops out more corn it's a complete
game don't lie to me oh that's a hunger
dog well it's a good boy oh [__] off I
just want a bone oh watch this I'm gonna
do genius room I'm gonna put them all on
his tongue yeah I think we grab his
tongue no we can't that's that's not his
tongue that's false this works fine
going great now balance it now stay stay
stay good boy yeah we're working on this
training just get in there just get in
there eat eat them it's a bit of a
choking hazard oh we just replaced one
to one there we go he's so thirsty so
thirsty what's the matter you want some
water why is the hose so short also
you're just a head I don't think you
would be alive so wait why is he why
he's going to his nose he's clearing his
sinuses out he's doing one of those
dream things
oh boy fill up my nose with water
told me how to drink water it goes in my
nose all right
this comes out of his mouth
my laser beams
looks like an Easter egg hunt when
horribly wrong next to the old nuclear
power plant and made the this freak
weird superhero I am Eggman let give me
my noodles you have to take the top off
your nerves oh Chris you know how many
cup of noodles I ate in college between
the lid how many You Gotta Eat the lid
there's more nutrients in it a lot I
never knew that oh yeah I'm just gonna
dump it in the pal please now it's
scalding hot what do you get these
lipsticks over it they're burned enough
he's gonna be boiled after this one
eat a puns there you go that was hard
that's difficult
I gotta I got a question how is he
filling one piece if he's like a
two-dimensional Bean he's living the
dream dude he's eating while sitting on
a toilet that's bachelor in the dream
that's the dream man it's just hey
throwing a mobile phone and I can retire
you're crazy to just a continuous tube
at that point yeah that's how it works
get in there you stupid fishy get in the
mouth you gotta gotta build us some
speed okay it's now stuck to his chin oh
geez oh no
oh you like mustard do you oh you're
like mustard oh somehow nastier that is
a little bit right out it's like a
tapeworm
this is so hard is it like cheese
mustard noodles oh you want the mustard
you know what just eat that right there
you go
back give me my hot dog weiner
there you go
that dream
feed him this is part two of Chris's
dream makeover all right here we go this
is right right no it comes out no no oh
don't let it hit the tongue that's how
you taste
he's taking his tongue out at you that's
not his tongue what is his puss of red
because he ate a lot of red gummy bears
I think gummy worms Chris give me bear
worms I'm stuck in the lower intestine
gotta get to the cold
push from behind
there's only one way out Chris oh wait
go into the toilet from there you can do
it no it's a style no he's it's a
stylish toupee oh the ladies will never
know the difference like Is that real
hair hit him in the nose with it I'll
never tell my secrets look he's he's a
ginger
this is the worst thing you caught the
world's grossest fish it's fun all right
there we go no let's go back home he
wants to go Chris look who's your
favorite band oh
hey easy please don't put it up his nose
looks like a freaking leech please do
not how do you eat peepers peepers
peepers that's not a papers it's the
people
oh God the baby oh I hate it so much
well I don't think I can go in his mouth
can I get it yeah you can I prefer the
nose stem first baby oh you again
you can't eat an egg that's that's
cannibalism you freak so I gotta break
it open
open the egg ah there we go oh it's
everywhere oh look oh there's the yolk
all right let go oh I only don't mind a
little shell in your egg yummy because
the shells where all the vitamins are
okay that that is not true I'll touch it
with the scolding hot pan No I'm just
gonna put the whole pan in his mouth you
little freak and the egg is out of the
pan No get back in there
Chris you've got to be yolking me
that was excellent we've been hanging
out too much oh oh it's getting smarter
every time you lick it oh yes put it in
hole take that you stupid owl asking so
many questions one two three get in
there almost there this makes me so
uncomfortable with that tongue that
tongue is crazy bad the man
that looks like a microphone now it's a
match eat the stem oh he likes little
fishies they like to eat a fish then I
poop it out then I'll use it again and
then sometimes the fish
we're Geniuses oh it's a mouse who wants
the cheese put it up his butt that's
either a giant mouse and Tiny cheese or
a kangaroo or kangaroo let the kangaroo
wants a cheese I can't there's a tail
Block in his tushy I don't yeah put it
up his butt
oh there you go
this is how mice eat us prescription
says take one by butt the R-rated
version of Ratatouille
beat more meat feed me carrots it's the
Energizer Bunny I want batteries not
carrots these won't break me why are the
carrots cut I don't know they're all
this one's stuck on his crotch again oh
oh well yeah you're stupid a bunny now
you're going to be awkward in public for
a while
it's okay it's just a carrot
get off it there's like no I like it
here makes me feel like a big man
there we go we got it
I want the fly he's like no wait wait
wait we can talk about this let's learn
about the shooter or something put your
hands up give me all the Flies there you
go that's what it looks like no I was
just uh being friends with him we was
just hanging out at all playing little
patty cake
come on
Hungry Caterpillar he was so hungry he
tried to go find some food in this
bird's tummy oh yeah look at that hungry
hungry kuta Pala what's wrong with his
wings I don't know we're weird I'm
starting to think this is just a statue
that we're feeding worms to and they're
like uh statues Gotta Eat guys okay no
okay we got it let's go okay
stomach it looks like somebody jammed
two rooms
okay
bloody I've made some science goo put it
in my tummy lordy lordy you can't eat
the pink stuff trust me morning
release it so make sure you turn into
cotton candy Morty your hair your hair
is cotton candy now morning looks like
he's already had some easy easy ah
cheese Rick really cotton candy
strawberry flavor your Marty sounds like
Shaggy my legs like scoop and I'm tired
of pretending that it doesn't I'm tired
of living a lie you live that life oh
God this is just like trying to feed
Chris's broccoli
come on come on I look like tiny trees
but it tastes like doo-doo shove it in
your eye and your weird little hat yeah
good luck I've got nine inches of
forehead between me and my eyes there we
go oh
bro broccoli goes right through me that
thing was fast man oh geez okay okay I
guess we're making popcorn oh oh oh hey
hey stop the corn I think it'll just
follow it around I don't think I can do
anything you know you get a kernel Mule
the colonel that's in you forever well
this one's confusing it's both
wait a minute what's up you want the pot
let's do it
a little more butter the animals in this
are so freaking dumb looking to look you
gotta deboned that man you're gonna
chose okay no you dude you gotta you
gotta cook it first how do I cook it
with cook no it's fine he's a lion he
always tells the truth that's not true
he's lying I need medicine oh it's
Martian Manhunter all right I'm not
gonna plug him in one sticks hey there
you go
all those gummy oh what's it is stuck in
his nose
I don't want to hear you making those
noises again I'm streaming Chris okay
I'm clicking very hard yeah I don't like
that it's hurting my little fingers come
on hey
eyeballs so what these are alternate
Dimension Bart Simpson oh it's
Frankenstein it looks closer to Bart
Simpson half cow man eat my shorts
eat my short pants
oh he's got the hunger for Walther melon
do not hurt yourself don't feed them
tonight
take that Walter melon my greatest foe
it's Pizza melon
see he's just sitting on the toilet
eating watermelon how amazing is that
this is how Chris Spends His summer I
love it here you go in you go come on
now come on I'm pretty sure you can't
get the watermelon past tonight don't
worry it's seedless it says you I see
the seat no you don't
whoa whoa push
[Laughter]
can I go put that up in his mouth there
there we go that it is easy peasy
watermelon squeezy
I don't I don't feel comfortable with
feeding a child a bunch of little child
he's just has a little hat on he's a
grown man and he's worked hard he
deserves the nice cool refreshing
beverage of dog beer dog beer oh dog
beer for your
dinner drink it too yeah I like dog beer
it tastes like beer but dogs dog beer
blur that no put Chris's face on it
Editor to it no don't do it oh I'm here
now oh I don't like this get me off of
here oh wait oh wait oh we're doing it
that's how you deal with kidney stones
what the heck of an animal
keep your friends close but your enemas
closer oh my God I don't think I have a
choice this is it guys leave a like if
you enjoyed somehow get that like out of
there if you enjoy this go to therapy
see you next time bye love you oh it's a
good reveal
was this review helpful a little help
[Music]